Boundary Docs: Add workers to the domain model (#3084)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v0.18.x/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/index.mdx

![](/img/component-relationship.png)

## Workers

The resources described so far make up Boundary's control plane. [Workers][] make up its data plane. A worker is a resource that represents a service that proxies [sessions][] between [users][] and [targets][], which lets you provide access to private resources without exposing the networks they run on.

> 

Reviewer: Workers can also be setup to reach Vault through multihop, and are what has access to storage buckets for session recording- we may wish to add that they can access resources other than targets

Author: Great, I added this to all the index pages:

> The resources described so far make up Boundary's control plane. [Workers][] make up its data plane. A worker is a resource that represents a service that proxies [sessions][] between [users][] and [targets][], which lets you provide access to private resources without exposing the networks they run on. Workers can also be setup to reach Vault through multihop, and provide access to storage buckets for session recording.

> The resources described so far make up Boundary's control plane. [Workers][] make up its data plane. A worker is a resource that represents a service that proxies [sessions][] between [users][] and [targets][], which lets you provide access to private resources without exposing the networks they run on. Workers can also be setup to reach Vault through multihop, and provide access to storage buckets for session recording.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resources described so far make up Boundary's control plane. [Workers][] make up its data plane. A worker is a resource that represents a service that proxies [sessions][] between [users][] and [targets][], which lets you provide access to private resources without exposing the networks they run on. Workers can also be set up to reach Vault through multi-hop configurations, and provide access to storage buckets for session recording.
```
